README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Abhishek Kr. Mishra</h1>
<p align="center">
  <b>Software Engineer | ML Enthusiast | Problem Solver</b>
</p>

---

### 🚀 About Me

I'm a passionate **Software Engineer** with hands-on experience in building scalable web and mobile applications. I love turning ideas into reality using modern technologies and best practices. Currently, I'm focused on mastering **System Design** and sharpening my DSA skills for top tech placements.

---

### 🛠️ Tech Stack

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-FFD600?logo=javascript&logoColor=black" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?logo=typescript&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?logo=react&logoColor=20232A" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-ffffff?logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=000000" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-8CC84B?logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-ffffff?logo=express&logoColor=000000" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Supabase-3ECF8E?logo=supabase&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-13AA52?logo=mongodb&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-00758F?logo=mysql&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-06B6D4?logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/ShadCN-F4F4F5?logo=shadcnui&logoColor=000000" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Radix_UI-EFECFF?logo=radixui&logoColor=000000" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?logo=git&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-24292F?logo=github&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Vercel-ffffff?logo=vercel&logoColor=000000" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Netlify-00C7B7?logo=netlify&logoColor=white" />
</p>

---

### 🏆 Featured Projects

- 📝 **[Giffy Duck Notes](https://www.giffyduck.com/)**  
  <sub>An AI-based note-taking application <b>Giffy Duck</b> and creative writing assistant chatbot.</sub>

- 💍 **[Soninavratna Jewellers](https://www.soninavratnajewellers.in/)**  
  <sub>Online jewelry shop built with Next.js & Supabase.</sub>

- 🌱 **[Arya Bhumi Seva Sansthan](https://aryabhumisevasansthan.org/)**  
  <sub>A non-profit organization committed to serving communities through initiatives in healthcare, education, and social welfare.</sub>

---

### 📚 Currently Learning

- Advanced DSA (250+ LeetCode questions solved)
- Solved 500+ DSA Problems across platforms like GeeksForGeeks, LeetCode, HackerRank, CodeForces and more.
- System Design (Scalability, Architecture Patterns)
- MERN Stack (Mastering MongoDB, Express.js, React, Node.js)
- Building scalable, production-ready applications
- Preparing for placements at top tech companies

---

---

### 📬 Contact Me

<p>
  <a href="mailto:kumarabhishekmishra28@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/abhishekmishra028"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/kr_abhi__"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1DA1F2?logo=twitter&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.abhishekmishra.me/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-03A062?logo=about.me&logoColor=white" /></a>
</p>

---

Commit message:

Revise About Me section in README
Updated personal introduction to reflect current studies and interests in Machine Learning and Full Stack Development.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Abhishek Kr. Mishra</h1>
<p align="center">
  <b>Software Engineer | ML Enthusiast | Problem Solver</b>
</p>

---

### 🚀 About Me

I’m a third-year B.Tech Computer Science student at Lovely Professional University, driven by a passion for building practical, scalable solutions through smart use of technology. My interests lie at the intersection of **Machine Learning** and **Full Stack Development**—combining data-driven decision-making with solid application architecture.

I enjoy exploring patterns and insights using machine learning, data analysis, and visualization, while also creating end-to-end applications with modern web technologies. I’m committed to continuous learning, adapting quickly to new tools and frameworks, and delivering solutions that are reliable, efficient, and user-centric.

With a strong work ethic, a collaborative outlook, and an eagerness to learn, I aim to grow into a well-rounded engineer who can bridge intelligent data models with robust software design to solve real-world problems effectively.

---

### 🛠️ Tech Stack

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-FFD600?logo=javascript&logoColor=black" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?logo=typescript&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?logo=react&logoColor=20232A" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-ffffff?logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=000000" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-8CC84B?logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-ffffff?logo=express&logoColor=000000" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Supabase-3ECF8E?logo=supabase&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-13AA52?logo=mongodb&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-00758F?logo=mysql&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-06B6D4?logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/ShadCN-F4F4F5?logo=shadcnui&logoColor=000000" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Radix_UI-EFECFF?logo=radixui&logoColor=000000" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?logo=git&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-24292F?logo=github&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Vercel-ffffff?logo=vercel&logoColor=000000" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Netlify-00C7B7?logo=netlify&logoColor=white" />
</p>

---

### 🏆 Featured Projects

- 📝 **[Giffy Duck Notes](https://www.giffyduck.com/)**  
  <sub>An AI-based note-taking application <b>Giffy Duck</b> and creative writing assistant chatbot.</sub>

- 💍 **[Soninavratna Jewellers](https://www.soninavratnajewellers.in/)**  
  <sub>Online jewelry shop built with Next.js & Supabase.</sub>

- 🌱 **[Arya Bhumi Seva Sansthan](https://aryabhumisevasansthan.org/)**  
  <sub>A non-profit organization committed to serving communities through initiatives in healthcare, education, and social welfare.</sub>

---

### 📚 Currently Learning

- Advanced DSA (250+ LeetCode questions solved)
- Solved 500+ DSA Problems across platforms like GeeksForGeeks, LeetCode, HackerRank, CodeForces and more.
- System Design (Scalability, Architecture Patterns)
- MERN Stack (Mastering MongoDB, Express.js, React, Node.js)
- Building scalable, production-ready applications
- Preparing for placements at top tech companies

---

---

### 📬 Contact Me

<p>
  <a href="mailto:kumarabhishekmishra28@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/abhishekmishra028"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/kr_abhi__"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1DA1F2?logo=twitter&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.abhishekmishra.me/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-03A062?logo=about.me&logoColor=white" /></a>
</p>

---
